SQL time zone support (#5441)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-serverless/query-data/sql/basic-query.md

```
{{% /influxdb/custom-timestamps %}}

{{% /expand %}}

{{% expand "Query data using a time zone offset" %}}

To query data using a time zone offset, use the
[`AT TIME ZONE` operator](/influxdb/cloud-serverless/reference/sql/operators/other/#at-time-zone)
to apply a time zone offset to timestamps in the `WHERE` clause.

{{% note %}}
Timestamp types in InfluxDB always represent a UTC time. `AT TIME ZONE` returns
a UTC timestamp adjusted for the offset of the specified time zone.
Timestamps in the `time` column are not updated.

> If you need to display the timestamps your current timezone, this should be done

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to display the timestamps in your current timezone, this should be handled
```
